Exactly.
Drugs that can make people insane
It's all in your Chen Shixian's stomach
Might as well tell you
I never
There is no oath
Come back from my fall
Every moment for you
It's all packed
In order to destroy you with my own hands
today
Lin's Group President Lin Mo will officially announce
Chen Shixian takes over Lin's Group
Chen Shixian
You killed me and my child
I want to do it myself
Send you to hell
That's impossible.
I have obviously successfully left the two of you
You can't be Uncle Lin's heart
That's just what you think
Chen Shixian
Do you think blood kinship
It's the devil who kills his wife and children like you
Is it understandable?
In the beginning
I don't know my sister's true purpose
I really didn't explain the situation to my sister as soon as possible
until